Revision History2.2     Added some TeachText read-only capability (not released).2.3     Added full TeachText emulation.     Also emulates the new SimpleText.     View, print and speak TeachText and SimpleText read-only files, including pictures.     Ability to view and print PICT files and copy a selection.     Autoscroll PICT file during selection.     Support for a Tex-Edit read-only document type.     Fixed the "Change file creator" switch in the Prefs dialog.     Save settings in Modify dialog between dialog executions.     Reset button added to Modify dialog.     Option-arrow moves cursor to next word.     Option-shift-arrow selects next word.     Quad click selects paragraph.     New command to strip diacriticals marks.     Miscellaneous bugs fixed.     New icons (again).     Improved program scrolling and typing execution speed.2.3.1     Reads and writes SimpleText files.     Greatly expanded documentation.     Cosmetic bug fixes.2.4     Find/Replace and Print Options switch settings are saved in Prefs file.     Command key equivalents added to Change Case menu.     Speech Menu changed, command keys added, more logical arrangement.     Speech Settings now display voice comment information.     Speech pitch modulation is now adjustable.     Read entire doc or from current position "in the background".     Hilite doc by word or by sentence as it is being read, new submenu.     LF->CR command for converting Etext/UNIX docs.     Insert pagebreak (formfeed) for control of printing pagination.     Formfeed button in Find dialog.     Blocking header/length adjustable in new Prefs dialog.     Default window size adjustable in Prefs dialog, presets for 60, 80, 100 chars/line.     Open large files into multiple windows automatically.     Open and format large Etext documents with a single command.     Number of windows now limited to 20 (or RAM).     Fixed the behavior of shift-cursor and shift-option-cursor selections.     Triple click improved.     Smart cut/paste improved.     Misc cosmetic bugs.2.4.1     Small corrections/improvements in manual and About dialog.     Several cosmetic bugs.2.4.2     Added more voice information to Speech Settings dialog.     Now can receive background events.     Fixed minor bugs in window redrawing, cursor hiding.     Option-delete mimics the effect of forward delete key (extended keyboard).     Fixed bug with prefs file (Speech might not work until old prefs file was deleted).     Enabled outline hiliting of inactive windows.     Resources preloaded to decrease number of disk accesses necessary for powerbook users.2.5     Drag Manager fully implemented for styled and plain text.     Bug fixed involving opening large files.     Improved information box in Speech Settings dialog.     Fixed obscure menu hilite bug.     Larger find/replace strings accommodated.     Dialog positioning improved and Sound menu changed slightly.     Save as eWorld styled text document.     Uses sound manager to add sound to any document.     Can create Finder-compatible sound files. 2.5.1     Sounds now play asynchronously (in background).     Changed Block Quote to Block Format in Special menu.     Adjusted behavior of Block Format command to increase all-around usefulness.2.5.2     Sound playback improved, memory handling improved during playback.     Changed command keys slightly.     Fixed bug which caused selection mark to print on some Quickdraw printers.2.6     Added selection and character count to window frame.     Now able to search read-only (ttro) documents using Find command.     Word Count now active in read-only documents.     Added ability to select text in read-only documents for dragging or copying.     Read aloud any portion of a read-only document.     Stop sound playback with command-period.     Fixed cosmetic bug causing incomplete redrawing of background selection outlines.     Fixed obscure cosmetic bug in Insert command.     Fixed crash that could occur trying to load or play large sound files.     Improved error handling with large text files.2.7     Added sentence and paragraph counts to the Word Count dialog.     Can also count characters, words, etc. of selected text.     Increase/decrease font size of selection even if text is not all the same size.     Margin settings in Print Options dialog now bear passing resemblance to reality.     Option-home will move the insertion marker to beginning of the file.     Option-end will move the insertion marker to end of the file.     Option-shift-home will select all text up to and including the current selection.     Option-shift-end will select all text from the current selection to the end of the file.     Fixed bug when pasting large blocks of text.     Page number prints using default window font.2.7.1     Smart delete and smart forward delete implemented.     Improved indented text alignment (on printout) using fractional character widths.     Fixed caret redraw and printing bug.2.7.2     Option-up/down arrow will move the insertion marker to the beginning/end of the line.     Can copy and paste unstyled (plain) text.     Fixed bug noted when dragging paragraphs a single character at a time.     Improved cursor positioning after smart cut or delete.     Proper cursor handling in read-only documents, allows Find Again and Read Starting at Cursor.     Option key used to toggle menu selections (instead of shift key).